#Abegail Jakop, 998863118, abegail.jakop@mail.utoronto.ca
#Minh Hoang Le, 999019930, minh.lehoang@mail.utoronto.ca

Attack A, Cookie theft:
The attack was constructed to steal the cookie by specifying the user value in
th URL to be a script. Within the script, we remove the error msgs, and use the
provided sendmail script where the payload is the cookie grabbed from the
document. The script will be triggered by a DOMContentLoaded event. Encasing
those are portions are bits and pieces to make the page look the same as the
not attacked page.


Attack B, Cross-Site Request Forgery:
The attack consists of a faked form that will post a request to send 10 zoobars
to attacker using their transfer.php page, which is submitted when the body of
the page is loaded.

To prevent redirecting to the zoobar page too early, we have an iframe that
is loaded twice, once on the initial attack page load and another time when
the post request returns to the attack page. We wait for the second time the
iframe is loaded to redirect the user to the zoobar page (http://ece568.csl.toronto.edu/).


Attack C, Password Theft:
The attack consists of a fake login form that will post a request to the home
page. We've set the loginpassword value in the form to be null such that
zoobar site doesn't execute a database query. The username has been set to be
an attack script.

So the attack happens in the following order: the user goes to the attack site
which posts a request to the zoobar login page, sending the user to the zoobar
login page. The user enters their credentials into the login form and hits
submit. This triggers the event listener, which will clear the warning element
to keep the user unaware, then use the sendmail website to send the login
username and login password that the user entered.


Attack D, Profile Worm:
The attack is encased in img tags to get around keyword blocks. Within the img,
the class has been set to the attack script and the id has been set to zoobars
to trick the script in the page to pick up and do an eval on the class

The attack script contains a XMLHttpRequest to transfer 1 zoobar to attacker account,
and another XMLHttpRequest to set victim profile to be the attack script.

